Enhance listing schema with heading (#3588)
plone/volto: docs/source/blocks/settings.md

};
```

## Listing block configuration

`allowed_headline_tags`

> : Allow allows you to customize the choices of the "Headline Tag" types shown in the block settings by default. It has this syntax (list of lists where [token, display_name]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Allows you to customize the choices of the "Headline Tag" types shown in the block settings by default. It has the following syntax (a list of lists, where a list item consists of `['token', 'display_name']`):
```

  ```js
  allowed_headline_tags: [['h2', 'h2'], ['h3', 'h3']]
  ```

>   If not specified, an internal hardcoded default is the shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If not specified, an internal hardcoded default is the above shown example.
```
